well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again and I'm excited we've got us a new
study to talk about from the Center for
migration studies of New York and and
that's not to be confused with the
Center for Immigration Studies which is
not a source I would use dig into their
background and you'll find out why the
Center for migration studies released a
new study and it has seven years of hard
data as always visa overstays not border
crossings are how most undocumented
workers are entering the united states
people that would be unaffected by a
motor wall 320,000 per year via visa
overstays a hundred and ninety thousand
per year from border crossings and I
know 190,000 that sounds like a lot and
we'll even give President Trump the
benefit of the doubt you know he says
that he has secret intelligence or
whatever that shows that it's on the
rise and shows that you know we're being
invaded even though he won't show
anybody the numbers or tell anybody
where he got him or whatever even though
they would greatly help his case and
there is absolutely no national security
reason to keep them a secret we're gonna
pretend that he's online and we're gonna
go ahead and bump his numbers up to
200,000 we'll say 200,000 a year border
crossings we're obviously being invaded
we're gonna be overrun at any moment
that amounts to zero percent of the
population 0.06 statistically
insignificant
that's not matter there is no crisis at
the border it doesn't exist but the best
little tidbit out of this
is the total undocumented population
inside the United States from 2010 to
2017 okay what's happening
it fell by 1.1 million as every study
except for the ones that Trump won't
show us shows there are more
undocumented people leaving than there
are coming so for every hundred and
ninety thousand border crossers you have
you have three hundred and forty seven
thousand leaving over that seven-year
period there is no crisis at the border
doesn't exist it's manufactured to scare
people it's all it is okay and then I
was able to get something else I was
able to get a Visa Bulletin people have
asked before and I've told them it takes
a really long time that's why people
don't just get in line okay
to come here legally so I now have the
hard data and we're gonna talk about how
long it actually takes and we're going
to not even put you in the craziest
category we're gonna say that you're
from Mexico that you're unmarried over
twenty-one and your parents are US
citizens
okay so you're not the worst off by any
means you you have ties to the u.s.
you're not married you're there okay you
you're in a good State as far as these
things code
okay so if you wanted your visa or your
application to be processed this month
when would you have had to apply August
1st of 1997 more than 20 years that's
why people don't just get in line it's
not like you can just walk up and say
hey I want to become a u.s. citizen it
doesn't work like that 20 years and
that's if your parents are US citizens
if you don't have a corporate sponsor or
family in the United States something
like that I don't even know like I I
have no clue how long it would take I'm
not even sure that it's it's possible in
one lifetime that's why that's why
people don't just get in line and come
here legally if you really fill despite
all the statistics we just talked about
that illegal immigration is a huge issue
even though there's more leaving than
coming that would probably be the best
place to start that would be the best
place to start fixing the the wait times
normally I make people Google or
DuckDuckGo whatever research for
yourself to get this information it's
hard to find so I'm gonna go ahead and
I'll put this in the comment sections so
if we're going to pretend that there is
some crisis maybe we should start with
the stuff we have control over which is
the wait times anyway it's just the
thought y'all I have a good night